Greetings,
I'm Johnny from ASUS ROG Team. We recently launched a brand new one
gaming Mouse
named Gladius. Many of you have shown enormous interest in this mouse
therefore I would like to introduce you to this video
its main functions as well as some thoughts and ideas
that stood at her birth.
Let's go.
Many people ask the following question:
Why does ROG supply two cables to this mouse?
There are several reasons for this.
Let's first look at the cables themselves. One of them is braided.
Not only offers increased durability and longer life
but also a more valuable look.
However, its robustness is also a disadvantage in some respects
it is heavier and can rub against the mat, which is not ideal.
The second cable is a classic cable without braid
it is much lighter and especially appreciated by players
who require cable enabling
fast moves - for example, professional players
or fans of FPS games.
Therefore our goal is to make it
the Gladius mouse has complied with players of all types
and players can choose for themselves
what about them and their game style
best suited.
Another great feature
These cables are that they use a micro USB interface
so if for example
you forget the charger for your mobile
you can charge the phone with the mouse cable.
Or you can buy another one
micro USB cable and color it so
align with your PC assembly
or - even better -
with the color of your game team.
With detachable cable
the mouse is very easy to carry.
Simply put your Gladius mouse into this elegant ROG travel case
and you can go.
The mouse will be perfectly protected in every situation.
One of the main advantages of Gladius
is the possibility of replacing Omron switches.
Let's see,
how to do it.
First you have to take off
these four washers.
Then just unscrew the four screws
and remove the top cover.
This will give you access
to two Omron switches
which can be very easy
replace it.
Just pull them out.
There are two kinds of switches in the box,
white and gray.
As you can notice
varies in height.
In the case of white switches, we have added
a small pad to make this one
the difference.
If you ever
buy a new set of white switches
Be sure to use these washers.
Sockets for these Omron switches
produces only ROG.
It's our own slot, which is very specific.
It is thanks to it that switches can be used
so easy to replace and paste back.
Because we expect you to exchange them,
we used instead of regular self-tapping screws
two-part internal threaded screws.
Therefore, the mouse is structurally very solid,
resistant and distinguished by it
longer life.
We have been working on the design and execution of this mouse for a very long time.
For most other gaming mice on the market
the top cover also buttons. It is made in one piece
material.
However, ASUS Gladius has separate separate buttons
which offer players extremely fast
response and significantly less resistance.
She owes these two to it
special notches.
They make buttons between clicks
they move very fast.
It is therefore an ideal solution for
FPS shooters and professional players.
To be honest, this player will be appreciated by all players
because he offers to play for a long time
extra comfort for your fingers.
Now let's look at the side buttons.
Side buttons of most game mice
the market are fairly flat.
Players are therefore forced by their fingers
more lift and the use of side buttons is not exactly comfortable.
We talked to some of the professional players we sponsor.
They have clearly agreed that it is extremely important for them
so that they can have a tight thumb during demanding gameplay
in one place.
Therefore, we are side buttons
Gladius mice designed to
moderately.
Thus, players do not have to lift their thumbs,
you just need to move it up slightly.
It saves a lot of time for players
and, as a result, will also increase playing comfort.
We chose to design the side panels
rubberized material that does not slip.
An even better and more secure grip
then it provides this special pattern.
Many of you will surely say why this one
a specific pattern? We thought about what ROG best describes.
We conclude that it is the typical Mayan ROG motif,
which can also be found on our computers
and mini PC series ROG.
With this characteristic motif is
you will be at our latest products
continue to meet. Many of them have just
we will present in the future. This theme so
you may consider it a ROG signature.
For a typical element you will soon encounter
for a mouse pad. So don't miss it.
Before we say goodbye, let me mention one more thing.
Gladius Gaming Mouse achieves the latest driver update
the world's first transmission speeds over USB up to 2000 Hz.
I believe that with such performance you will enjoy playing Gladius with your mouse
as we enjoyed it in its development.